
1. a) Describe how you would handle the following scenarios. For each case, provide your reasons.
	- you are a CS reserarcher and discover a buffer overrun vulnerability in a standard 
	  web browser (5)
	- you are a programmer and discover, and validate an exploit for, a vulnerability in
	  your main competitor's product (5)
	- you are a system administrator in a large enterprise and hear about a vulnerability 
	  for which there is no patch, and which potentially affects many of your server systems (5)
   b) You are a working as a software architect in a small near start-up and are responsible
      for developing their software engineering standards and practices (e.g. coding
	  standards, source code control etc.). Describe how you would handle security issues
	  as part of this. (10)

2. You are a consultant who has been tasked to develop a next generation voting and
   polling scheme for a popular reality TV show. This system is one of the main 
   revenue earner's which pays for the show. At peak usage, there may be millions
   of votes in a 24-hour period. The voting process continues for a number of weeks
   as contestants are eliminated. While there are no prizes for the voters, 
   substantial sums of money are being bet (online and off-line) as to the outcomes
   The programme-maker has no relationship with the bookmakers taking bets on 
   the outcomes.

   - Describe the main threats to and the set of security requirements which
	 you would have the system meet. [Note: focus on requirements here, not on
	 technologies.] (10)
   - Provide an outline design for the entire system, emphasising the security
     model and components affecting security. (10)
   - Describe how you would test the security of the implemented system, prior
     to its being used for the show (5)
   

3. Describe in detail how scaling issues affect a practical key management scheme (e.g.
   Kerberos, S/MIME, IKE, or TLS). (15)
   Compare the use of cryptographic primitives (e.g. signing, MACing, digesting) in your
   chosen scheme with another such scheme. (10)



